config - add Chaos Studio Target resource definition (#3671)
hashicorp/pandora: docs/resource-manager-partial-resource-generation.md

        test_data {
          basic_variables {
            strings = {
              "target_type" = "Microsoft-AzureKubernetesServiceChaosMesh"
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

The configuration above will generate the resource `azurerm_chaos_studio_target` but without the create method.

In addition to not generating the create method we are also applying overrides to the fields `name` and `scope`, renaming them to `target_type` and `target_resource_id` respectively.

The property `name` also has a custom description applied that gives the user more information on what the field is and what information we expect in it.

### Workflow

For partially generated resources we need to add the pieces in a specific order. For this particular example the order is as follows:

1. Open a PR to add the following files to the `hashicorp/terraform-azurerm-provider` repository under the path `internal/services/chaosstudio`:
    * `client/client_gen.go` - contains the initialisation of the Chaos Studio client, this file will be overwritten
    * `chaos_studio_target_resource_create.go` - contains the handwritten create method for the Chaos Studio Target resource

>     * `chaos_studio_target_resource_gen.go` - contains the initialised typed resource, but with the bare minimum information so that `chaos_studio_target_resource_create.go` can be added without causing a compile error. This file will be overwritten with the correct information when the automated PR is opened on the repository.

Reviewer: (as discussed) we should x-link the other PR as an example here

    * `registration.go` - contains the registration information for the resource
    * `registration_gen.go` - contains the registration information for generated resources, this file will be overwritten as well
2. Once the PR from step 1. has been merged we can open a PR on `hashicorp/pandora` adding the resource definition defined in the [Example](#example)

> 3. When the PR from step 2. has been merged `hashicorp/pandora` will generate and open a PR on the `hashicorp/terraform-azurerm-provider` repository, overwriting the files suffixed with `_gen.go` listed in step.1 with the generated resource information.

Reviewer: We're missing a step here calling out that the API Definitions get regenerated first:

```suggestion
3. When the PR from step 2. has been merged `hashicorp/pandora` will run `./tools/importer-rest-api-specs`, which imports the API Definitions and builds up the Resource Definition, Tests and Documentation for each Terraform Resource. These are generated and sent as an auto-PR to `hashicorp/pandora` for review.
4. When the PR from step 3. has been merged `hashicorp/pandora` will generate each of the Terraform Resources into `hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm` and send a PR to that repository. Note that as a part of this, any filenames matching `*_gen.go` (such as those added in step 1.) will be overwritten.
```

Whilst it doesn't want to be a part of this PR - we should probably split out "the regeneration process/pipeline" into it's own doc, so that we can x-link to that - rather than re-listing these steps in multiple places.
